Overall Road map
Udemy Couse on road map

vision 
goals 
objectives 
product strategy

why bluetooth to add the new enddevice
make all thing mqtt format

why postgress
why the algorithm

usecases - scenarious
check the cases of malfunction of camera and other devices
activity diagram

accuracy
time
reliability

vision
----------------------------------------------------------------
In the offices, a biometric system is now in use. There are several drawbacks and challenges with the system, such as the rush at
the entrance and departure doors that results from long lines at the doors when there are a lot of people in the workplace.
Additionally, the entering time will lag. Additionally, the present system will have security issues. If a user's authentication
card is missing, other users may use it without authorization.

In order to resolve these problems a new system is introduced rather than biometrics. It is possible to recognise and authorise
the user's face. The user will be given access to enter the office with attendance which is the primary aim of our system.

Our system will be able to recognize several faces and the face in free flow. Therefore, there is no need to wait. Moreover,
the security problem has been fixed. If the system cannot quickly identify the face, a biometric system will be used. Then the user
may access the entry door and exit door using fingerprint authentication.

Previous Architecture Version
-----------------------------
Solution Architecture Objective
    The key objective of this project is to build a Face Detection Product which can be used to control the door access.
    The product will have an RFID and Fingerprint as secondary access systems.
    The product will have these major components to meet the requirements.
        Mobile Application
        Access Control Device (RFID, Fingerprint ,Speaker, Interface with controller, MQTT Module for server to device Communication
            and SQLite Database)
        Server Component (Server API, Database, Face recognition system and MQTT)
        Camera Streaming

Architectural Considerations
    Following are the key requirements which have been identified as key objectives while architecting the solution.
        Control the door access by recognizing the face
        RFID and Fingerprint Integration for door access
        Capture the faces if a group of peoples access together
        Offline access system with RFID and Fingerprint when the network fails
        Admin response module to remotely control the door
        Live Camera Feed

Major Use cases
    An Employee comes in/out to the office - If the face recognition system detects
    An Employee comes in/out to the office - If the face is not detected
    If an outsider comes into the office
    A group of people enters / exit together
    Unauthorized entry of a person
    Manage employee / device

Purpose
    This document provides a comprehensive architectural overview of the Face detection Application using various architectural views
    to depict different aspects of the system. It is intended to capture and convey the significant architectural decisions which have
    been made to design the system, considering the best industry-wide practices. This document presents the architectural
    representation as a series of views - logical and deployment.

Scope
    This Software Architecture Document provides an architectural overview of the Face Detection Product. The Face Detection Product
    will be a mechanical device with an electronic assembly. It has the capability to identify the person with their face, Fingerprint
    and RFID.

An Employee comes in to the office - If the face recognition system detects
    Live camera streaming is always feed to the server and the face recognition system process the frames.
    If an employee is detected in the system and he passes the Line of reference.
    The Face recognition system, transfer the name of the employee to the NLG and it generates the welcome message.
    The server sends the door open command with the welcome message to the client device.
    Client device trigger the relay and the message is converted to voice and play using the speaker connected to it.
    Server marks the attendance with the timestamp.

An Employee comes in to the office - If Face is not Recognised
    If the employee crosses the line of reference and the person is not detected in face recognition.
    The server sends a text message to the client and the client device plays the message and activate the RFID and Fingerprint scanner.
    If the employee use fingerprint scanner or RFID the client device recognise the employee Id and send it to the server.
    The server generates the Message using NLG and send it to the client and the client device opens the door and welcomes the
    employee with welcome message.

If an outsider comes into the office
    The system instruct the person to use RFID of fingerprint If he has!
    Else contact the admin for further help.
    Admin can press the Door open button to remotely open the door.

If an Employee goes out of the office
    If an employee leaves the office the secondary camera detects the face and opens the door for him to leave with a voice output.
    If the face recognition fails the system inform the same to the employee.
    Then the Employee can use RFID or the Biometric authentication.

If a group of peoples enters or exit together
    The system tries to detect the faces and it provide the welcome or exit voice notes with the name of the persons.
    He can use the biometric or the RFID for the access.
    If the person enters or exit without the access the system captures that short video or images of the incident and inform the
    same to admin or HR

Unauthorised entry of a person
    If the person crosses the line of reference without using any of the access system,
    A notification is send to the mobile app informing the unauthorised entry.

Features
    Anti Passback
    MQTT
    Face Recognition - Digital Camera Interface
    Web App for Attendance details or Interface with My time Application
    Hardware Designs and mechanical Enclosures

Face Recognition Modules
    Video Receiving and basic processing
    Dataset Generation Module
    Eigenvector data management module
    face Recognition Module
    Recognised Data Extraction Module
    Dataset updation using machine learning concept
    Mask Detection
    Face Recognition With mask and other partial coverings on the face
    Face liveness detection to avoid scamming
    Unauthorized Access Detection

HikVision and Essl Access systems
    These systems have in device cameras
    This camera has a lower field of view
    Face Anti spoofing Ensure Access Security
    Limited number of users

Face Recognition Use-cases
    PREVENT RETAIL CRIME
    FIND MISSING PERSONS
    HELP THE BLIND
    PROTECT LAW ENFORCEMENT
    AID FORENSIC INVESTIGATIONS
    RECOGNIZE VIPS AT SPORTING EVENTS
    PROTECT SCHOOLS FROM THREATS
    TRACK SCHOOL ATTENDANCE
    VALIDATE IDENTITY AT ATMS
    MAKE AIR TRAVEL MORE CONVENIENT
    RECOGNIZE DRIVERS
    CONTROL ACCESS TO SENSITIVE AREAS

Face liveness Detection
    Using Keras we are tracking the movement of eyeballs and eyelids.
    We are using the openCV pre-trained Haar-cascade classifier for detection.
    We are running this as a sub process along with the face recognition algorithm to avoid delays.
    It will eliminate the spoofing using images and face masks.

End devices(Visco)
    The end device contains a Face recognition mechanism to control the door access.
    The device also has RFID and Fingerprint as secondary access systems.
    The face recognition system is able to capture the faces if a group of peoples access together.
    The access system should work even when the network fails.
    Devices should validate the access control even if the network connectivity is down using the RFID and Fingerprint.

Visage Walkthrough
    Visage is an Access control system with face recognition as its primary access and Fingerprint and RFID as secondary access system.
    Here we have a mobile application for the administrators for controlling the system.
    In the First phase of development  the system works on the local network where the device, server and the mobile application should
    be on the same network.
    Where the server to device communication is by APIs hosted on the device in the flask framework of python.
    But in the early stages of second phase development we started implementing MQTT for Server to device communication hence that
    network dependencies were solved.

Mobile application
    The mobile app contains a provision to Add, Delete and Edit employee details.
    The mobile application communicates with the device to capture the RFID / FingerPrint and be able to show the animated view of the
    finger.
    The application provides an option to remotely access the door.
    Application also contains a provision to add, remove and edit the details of client devices.
    The mobile application is able to generate notifications for unauthorized entry detection.

Authority response module(POD)
    There is a separate response module for the administrator.
    There is a push button in this device to open the door.
    There is also an option to turn on/off the voice.

Server API
    The central server for the system should record the Access details.
    There is a central server system through which all the access is going on.
    The camera will be directly connected to the server.
    The server API is responsible for all the communications happening between server and client devices.
    The camera stream will be recorded on the server.
    The server API is responsible for synchronizing the RFID details with the mobile application.
    The server is able to connect multiple devices.

Face recognition module
    Here the face recognition system is used as the primary detection for the access.
    It consists of a number of AI based algorithms.
    The face recognition algorithm is working on the server section.
    Here we are using a CNN based algorithm for face recognition.
    The face recognition system captures and processes all the frames received from the camera, if a face is recognized the
    recognized face is searched in the data set.

Introduction
    Visage is an Access control system with face recognition as its primary access and Fingerprint and RFID as secondary access system.
    Here we have a mobile application for the administrators for controlling the system.

Project Scope
    Design and Implement new features for the Visage which includes Face dataset updation, Face liveness Detection, Cuda framework
    implementation on the server and MQTT implementation for server to device communication and vice versa.

Project Requirements
    The face recognition dataset should be automatically updated on the system.
    Face Scamming should be avoided.
    Device to server communication should be secured and MQTT should be implemented.
    Implement the CUDA framework for better efficiency of the machine learning algorithms.

Assumptions
    If an error condition occurs in the network system or on the server section, The access system will work offline mode.
    (Only Fingerprint and RFID).

Out of Scope
    For MQTT, paid X509 certificates were not considered during the development stage.

System Features and Requirements
    CUDA Framework
        The Cuda framework for the machine learning algorithms should be implemented.
        Delay while receiving the video stream from the DVR should be addressed.
        The face recognition system should work seamlessly with lagging.
        The face recognition Algorithm should work with CNN.
        The efficiency of the face recognition system needs to be improved.
    MQTT Implementation
        The Flask API on the device needs to be replaced with MQTT.
        The Device to server communication needs to be secured.
        A secured device Authentication method should be implemented.
        An open source MQTT broker needs to be used.
    Face dataset updation
        The face Dataset needs to be updated while accessing the device.
        The dataset images should have proper tracking.
        All the face datas should not be updated together.
        The dataset update interval should be configurable.
        The Mobile application should have a provision to activate or deactivate the functionality.
        Need to design a custom logic or algorithm to update the dataset on the preconfigured interval of time without any interactions.
    Face liveness Detection
        Need to avoid face scamming.
        Design a system to detect the liveness of the face
        A Voice response should be provided if liveness is not detected.
        The liveness system should have a configuration in the mobile application to activate or deactivate the functionality.
        Liveness should be configured for each device from the mobile application.
        Need to detect the motions in the face for liveness detection.

Face Recognition System Workflow
    The face recognition system has a central configuration file which controls the activities of different modules in the system.
    The basic processing module receives the video input from the cameras and checks the alignment and adjusts the saturation of the
    video steam.
    Eigenvector data management module manages the eigen datas on the pickle file such as addition of new datas, Updation of the
    available data and removal of particular datas from the pickle file.
    The Face Recognition Module detects the faces on the current frame and compares it with the values read from the pickle file.
    Recognised Data Extraction Module receives the detected faces from the face recognition algorithm and sends it to the server API
    for further processing.
    Dataset updation module updates the face images on a preset interval of time by capturing the images of the user while accessing
    the device.
    Face liveness detection module avoids the face scamming and it continuously monitors the movements on the frames and if a still
    image is detected the data is passed in to the Recognised Data Extraction Module.
    Unauthorized Access Detection is a security feature which detects the entry of a person without proper access on the system.

Technical Barriers for Installation on Development ODC
    Need an Enclosure for the device to ensure electrical safety.
    We may need to integrate the system with mytime application before it is installed.
    Currently Anti Pass back is not implemented in our system, So it will creates erron on My time application.
    The RFID scanners installed on our system is not able to read currently used ID cards in our company.
    We have some Known issues related to the working of the face detection and with the device.

High Level Scope and Requirements
    The requirements for the Face Detection Product are explained in detail in the following sections.
    A mobile application will also be a part of the Product to manage the users and to control the devices.
    An Authority Response Module will also be a part of the Product for the administrative purpose.

Product Requirements
    The device should have a Face recognition mechanism to control the door access.
    The device should have RFID and Fingerprint as secondary access systems.
    The face recognition system should able to capture the faces if a group of peoples access together.
    The door open time should be a configurable parameter.
    Device should validate the access control even if the network connectivity is down using the RFID and Fingerprint.
    The device should have the capability to receive / sync the access control data with the server.
    There should be some Light Indications in the system to indicate the connectivity and to show the success of access control.
    The Device should have the Bluetooth connectivity and should be capable to receive the Device Configuration such as WiFi credentials
    and server details.
    The camera streams should be recorded on the Server.
    Should record the Access details in the Server.
    Should be able to inform the unauthorized entry to the Administrator with the specification of the person.

Mobile Application Requirements
    Provision to Add, Delete and Edit employee details.
    Should be able to communicate with the device to capture the RFID / Fingerprint.
    Option to remotely Lock/Unlock the door.
    Provision to add, remove and edit the details of client devices.
    Option to view the live camera streaming.
    Receive notifications for unauthorized entry.
    Option to sync the RFID details with the server.

Authority Response Module Requirements
    There should be an option to turn on/off the voice
    There should be an led notification in the device
    There should be an option for the admin to view the camera streaming
    There should be an option to turn on/off the device
